.TH PLUM 1 "2012 Jan 25"
.SH NAME
plum \- A simple U-Boot netconsole client.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B plum
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B plum
is a simple U-Boot netconsole client. It will allow you to connect to your
product before the kernel initialization.
To use U-Boot netconsole, type help in the interactive console.
.PP
.B plum
is an interactive shell that let you put command and see answer from U-Boot.
By default, it uses the port 6666, 4445 and 4446.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
The options may be given in any order.
.br
.TP 15
\-h, \-\-help
Display
.B plum
help, options and usage.
.TP
.RB \-i " IFACE", " " \-\-iface= "IFACE"
Give
.B plum
the IFACE you want to use to communicate with your device.
.TP
.RB \-m " MAC", " " \-\-mac= "MAC"
Give
.B plum
the MAC address of the target. It must be in the 00:00:00:00:00:00 format where
each hexadecimal number is > 0 and < F.
.TP
.RB \-\-ip " FORCE_IP"
Force the IP address if you don't want 
.B plum
finding a free IP on your subnet for you.
.RB \-p, \-\-progress
Use this option with your 
.B plum 
script.
This option will discard the output and print a progress bar 
to show the progress of your script.
.TP
.RB \-w, \-\-wait
Use this option if you want to wait for your product to be online.
This option use IPCONF protocol to detect your product's presence.
.TP
.RB \-D, \-\-debug
Output debugging information.
.SH SEE ALSO
nc(1)
.SH AUTHORS
.B plum
is written and maintained by Maxime Hadjinlian <maxime.hadjinlian@gmail.com>,
with help from a few others. See the AUTHORS file for more information.
